# oem tools


```
[root@luckfox root]$ ls /oem/usr/bin/
RkLunch-stop.sh                   rk_mpi_mb_test                    sample_rgn_stresstest
RkLunch.sh                        rk_mpi_mmz_test                   sample_venc_stresstest
dumpsys                           rk_mpi_rgn_test                   sample_vi
luckfox_adc_test                  rk_mpi_sys_test                   sample_vi_vpss_osd_venc
luckfox_gpio_test                 rk_mpi_tde_test                   simple_adec_ao
luckfox_i2c_test                  rk_mpi_venc_test                  simple_ai
luckfox_pwm_test                  rk_mpi_vi_dup_test                simple_ai_aenc
luckfox_spi_test                  rk_mpi_vi_test                    simple_ao
luckfox_uart_test                 rk_mpi_vpss_test                  simple_dual_camera
modetest                          rk_pwm_test                       simple_fast_client
mpi_enc_test                      rk_rve_sample_test                simple_venc_jpeg
mpp_info_test                     rk_system_test                    simple_venc_osd
rgaImDemo                         rk_time_test                      simple_vi_eptz_test
rk_adc_test                       rk_watchdog_test                  simple_vi_get_frame
rk_event_test                     rkaiq_3A_server                   simple_vi_ivs
rk_gpio_test                      rkipc                             simple_vi_rkaiq
rk_led_test                       rkisp_demo                        simple_vi_rockiva
rk_mpi_adec_test                  sample_ai                         simple_vi_tde
rk_mpi_aenc_test                  sample_ai_aenc                    simple_vi_venc
rk_mpi_af_test                    sample_camera_stresstest          simple_vi_venc_change_resolution
rk_mpi_ai_test                    sample_demo_multi_camera_eptz     simple_vi_venc_combo
rk_mpi_amix_test                  sample_demo_vi_venc               simple_vi_venc_rtsp
rk_mpi_ao_test                    sample_isp_stresstest             simple_vi_venc_wrap
rk_mpi_avio_test                  sample_mulit_isp_stresstest       simple_vi_vpss_venc
rk_mpi_dup_venc_test              sample_multi_vi                   vpu_api_test
```